docs: Update to Contribution section to make more concise and inviting (#1252)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

== Contribute to the Starknet docs

Want to contribute to Starknet documentation? Get started here:

> * link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/README.adoc#different_ways_to_contribute[Different ways to contribute].

Author: ```suggestion
* See the link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/README.adoc#different_ways_to_contribute[Different ways to contribute].
```

> * link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc[Basic writing guidelines] help you write better and be part of the team.

Author: ```suggestion
* Review these link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc[basic writing guidelines] help you write better and be part of the team.
```

> * Review these link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc[basic writing guidelines] help you write better and be part of the team.

Author: ```suggestion
* Review these link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc[basic writing guidelines] to help you write better and be a more valuable contributor.
```

> * link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/starknet_docs_style_guide.adoc[The Starknet documentation supplementary style guide] includes style guidance to help you write more efficiently and consistently using the Starknet voice.

Author: ```suggestion
* Use the link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/starknet_docs_style_guide.adoc[The Starknet documentation supplementary style guide]. It includes style guidance to help you write more efficiently and consistently using the Starknet voice.
```

> * Use the link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/starknet_docs_style_guide.adoc[The Starknet documentation supplementary style guide]. It includes style guidance to help you write more efficiently and consistently using the Starknet voice.

Author: ```suggestion
* Use the link:https://github.com/starknet-io/starknet-docs/blob/dev/contributing_to_docs/starknet_docs_style_guide.adoc[Starknet documentation supplementary style guide]. It can help you write more efficiently and consistently using the Starknet voice.
```
